We need to create and run some migrations to get the system set up in a good initial state. For master data columns, here are the ones we should start with and their ordering: 

Stena Date	ÖMC Date	PE3 Date	First Name	Surname	Town district	Mobile	Email	Social Security No.	Rank	Gender	Comments	One	ISPS	Photo	Origo	Lönenivå	Mail lön	Bankuppgifter 	LI 	Passport	Kvitto C17/18	C17 	Crewing/Done

For our external users, below is the master data they should see (no edit) and below their own columns, in correct starting order. Notice that we might have a mix in language here, if a field already exists in English form, such as "First name", use this even if it says "Förnamn" or similar in the Swedish version

ÖMC Masterdata: 
ÖMC Date	Name	Social Security No.	Contact No.	Email	Rank	Gender

ÖMC Custom: 
Hotel Required?	Room Number (Shared)	Dietary Requirement?	Joining Instructions sent	Candidate Confirmed	Seably 	Receipt C-17	C-17 Certificate	Receipt C-18	C-18 Certificate	ÖMC Certificate	Uploaded in CrewSF	Completed


Payroll Masterdata: 
Stena Date	Förnamn	Efternamn	Personnummer	Telnr	Mail	Titel

Payroll Custom:
Ersatt	Fartyg	Klart/sign	Notering

Sodexo Masterdata: 
Stena Date 	Deltagare 
Sodexo Custom: 
<No extra columns here>

Toplux Masterdata: 
Stena Date	Förnamn	Efternamn	Personnummer	Telnr	Mail	Ort	Titel
Toplux Custom:
Stena ID- Origo nummer	Beställning gjord	Fartyg	Skickat beställning till Fartyg/Warehouse	Mottaget	Kontaktat medarbetare	Uthämtat	Mottagit kort	Skickat kort till fartyg


Translation issues: 
On user settings, "Användarhantering" and "Skapa och hantera användarkonton med rolltilldelningar" is not translated to English when switching locale. 
On column settings "Show" button should be "Visa" in Swedish. And there should be Swedish translations for Type, Cateogory, Visibility and Actions" in here too. Also "Hidden" show be "dold" if that is the value of the column."Endast stamdata" should be translated "Endast masterdata". Also, "Kolumninställningar" and
"Konfigurera vilka roller som kan visa och redigera specifika kolumner" are not translated to English.

For the Important Dates page, seems nothing is translated to English. All of these values: "Viktiga datum
Referenskalender för viktiga operativa datum
Import Dates
Lägg till datum
Viktiga datum
Viktiga operativa datum organiserade efter veckonummer och kategori
Alla kategorier
Veckonummer	År	Kategori	Date Description	Date Value	Notes	Actions
Inga viktiga datum hittades." needs to be translated to English. Also "Import dates" should be "Importera datum" in Swedish.
For the dashboard, all these values are missing English translations: 

"Personalhantering
Visa detaljer
Lägg till anställd
Importera anställda
Alla
Inga anställda hittades"

While these values "Show Archived, Show Terminated, View As and "Search employees..." need to have correct Swedish translations. 

Not sure what the purpose of "Live" button is on this page either. 

No way to view "Archived employees" or "Terminated employees". When clicking archive, this needs Swedish translation: 

"Archive Employee
Are you sure you want to archive Rasmus Thunborg? They will be hidden from the main view but can be recovered later."

I assume the same needs to be done for Terminating an employee. Also, switch places of Terminate employee and Archive employee button. 

Make the gap between SE and SV (locale / country) smaller. Same for the GB EN. 

Column settings: There is no "Create new column" button even if I am logged in as HR Admin.
There is no way to adjust the visibility. We should probably remove the "show" button and instead allow inline changing of the Visibility column here. 
