We need to create a new epic with relevant stories that implements the following features: 

"When selecting gender for a new employee, only have Man or Woman as options". 
"When selecting rank for a new employee, only have the options "SEV" or "CHEF" to choose from". 
"The following masterdata fields should become boolean fields and if they are set to true, should be marked as green: ISP, Photo, Origo, Mail, lön,Bankuppgifter,LI,Passport,Kvitto C17/18 and C17."
"The field "One", should be boolean field. After setting One field to true, mark it as yellow and after 24 hours, mark it as green."
"New masterdata field addition; 'Talmundo', Boolean field. Should only be editable it the 'One'-field is set as true for an employee and is marked as green. Also make Talmundo field be marked as green if set to true."
"Crewing/Done field should be a boolean field. It should only be editable if the following fields are true for an employee: ISP, Photo, Origo, Mail, lön,Bankuppgifter,LI,Passport,Kvitto C17/18 and C17. When Crewing/Done field is set to true, it should be marked as green."
"Lönenivå-field should have enum numerical values to choose from, 0-7. Should default do being null/empty though". When it has a different value to null/empty, mark it as green". 
"Important dates should have a column which is a list of the employees who have been assigned to that date". 
"For important dates, they should have a column for "max_spots" and a column for "remaining_spots, remaining spots default value should be the same as max_spots. For ÖMC dates, default spots should be 20, for Stena Dates, default spots should be 99. For PE3 dates default spots should be 1. If an employee is assigned any date, we should decrement the remaining spots by one and if an employee used to have a date, but it is removed or changed, we should increment the remaining spots by one. When creating a new employee or editing the date value for a date field, in addition to current logic present, we should add an additional condition that we only show dates that have more than 0 remaining spots left. The amount of remaining spots left should also be displayed inside a parenthesis in the dropdown values of available dates when selecting a date."
"ÖMC Date should be a two day date, example 8-9th march"
"PE3 date should be possible to specify time on the date chosen, hh:mm. 
"For important dates, they should have two more date columns, one called deadline_cancel and one called deadline_submit. 
"Import dates feature should be renamed PE3-dates and should ONLY be used for importing PE3-dates. So the date category should automatically be set to PE3. For the new deadline columns, on a PE3 date, when importing, the deadline_cancel should always be set to the monday of the week before THE FIRST of the PE3 dates in the import. The deadline_submit should be set to the wednes on the week before THE FIRST of the PE3 dates being imported. 
"We should have two new columns on the employee table, these should only be visible for HR admins. They should be called "repayment_needed_omc" and "repayment_needed_pe3". These should be date fields and should be set to the same value as omc_date and pe3_date respectively if we mark an employee as terminated. Clear them if we unmark an employee as terminated and put the dates back in omc_date and pe3_date respectively, unless there are 0 spots left, if that is the case leave them cleared. If adding them back make sure the remaning spots for that date is updated accordingly. These columns should only be visible in the view if we are displaying terminated employees with the "show terminated" checkbox. 
"When an employee is marked as terminated, after potentially updating values for "repayment_needed_omc" and "repayment_needed_pe3", clear all their other date fields and update the amount of remaining spots accordingly". 
"When creating a new employee, show the hotel_required field in the create form, after the city/town field, it should be false by default. If we set true for hotel_required, we will also set the room_number_shared column based on that when saving the new employee. To figure out which room number they get, the first thing we need to do is fetch the room_number_shared values for all employees that have the same omc_date. If this is the first employee that has this specific omc_date, we will assign them room number 1. If there are other employees who already have assigned rooms for this omc_date, we will then check their rank. If their rank is CHEF, we will assign them the next incremented integer as room number. If their rank is SEV, we want to re-query our current list of room_number_shared (should contain room numbers for employees assigned to the same omc_date), but this time we need to add the condition that we want to fetch all room_number_shared values where there are not two of the same number (only 1 employee has that room assigned) and where the room number is only assigned to one employee, we should add the condition that the employee should have the rank SEV and be of the same gender as we have specified in the gender-dropdown field in the create new employee form. If this returns no values for room_number_shared, we will assign the next incremental room number not taken to this employee and if we find a room_number_shared value matching our rank, gender and amount condition (SEV-rank, same gender, only 1 employee currently assigned to the room number), then we will assign the same room number to our newly created employee."

